Switch to cuda-toolkit metapackage for wheel dependencies with streamlined documentation (#883)
NVIDIA/cuda-python: cuda_bindings/docs/source/release/13.X.Y-notes.rst

Highlights
----------

* Migrated wheel dependencies from individual NVIDIA packages to the ``cuda-toolkit`` metapackage for improved dependency resolution and version constraints.
* Automatic CUDA library path detection based on ``CUDA_HOME``, eliminating the need to manually set ``LIBRARY_PATH`` environment variables for installation.

> * Removed NVCC compiler from ``[all]`` optional dependencies as it was previously included only to access NVVM library, which now has its own dedicated wheel.

Reviewer: No need to highlight this. The text is good, though. Let merge it with what you added below.

Dependency Changes
------------------

* The ``[all]`` optional dependencies now use ``cuda-toolkit`` with appropriate extras instead of individual packages.

> * **Breaking change**: NVCC compiler is no longer automatically installed with ``pip install cuda-python[all]``. Users who need the NVCC compiler should explicitly install it with ``pip install nvidia-cuda-nvcc-cu13`` or the appropriate version for their needs.

Reviewer: As mentioned earlier this is not considered a breaking change. Please remove the emphasis. The remaining of the text is good and can be combined with the one from the previous section.

Highlights
----------

* Migrated wheel dependencies from individual NVIDIA packages to the ``cuda-toolkit`` metapackage for improved dependency resolution and version constraints.
* Automatic CUDA library path detection based on ``CUDA_HOME``, eliminating the need to manually set ``LIBRARY_PATH`` environment variables for installation.

> * The ``[all]`` optional dependencies now use ``cuda-toolkit`` with appropriate extras instead of individual packages. NVCC compiler is no longer automatically installed with ``pip install cuda-python[all]`` as it was previously included only to access NVVM library, which now has its own dedicated wheel. Users who need the NVCC compiler should explicitly install it with ``pip install nvidia-cuda-nvcc`` or the appropriate version for their needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``[all]`` optional dependencies now use ``cuda-toolkit`` with appropriate extras instead of individual packages. NVCC compiler is no longer automatically installed with ``pip install cuda-python[all]`` as it was previously included only to access NVVM library, which now has its own dedicated wheel. Users who need the NVCC compiler should explicitly install it with ``pip install cuda-toolkit[nvcc]==X.Y`` with the appropriate version for their needs.
```

> * The ``[all]`` optional dependencies now use ``cuda-toolkit`` with appropriate extras instead of individual packages. NVCC compiler is no longer automatically installed with ``pip install cuda-python[all]`` as it was previously included only to access NVVM library, which now has its own dedicated wheel. Users who need the NVCC compiler should explicitly install it with ``pip install cuda-toolkit[nvcc]==X.Y`` with the appropriate version for their needs.

Reviewer 2: It feels like two "the" are missing here:

The NVCC compiler ...

... only to access the NVVM library ...

Reviewer: @copilot fix this

Highlights
----------

* Migrated wheel dependencies from individual NVIDIA packages to the ``cuda-toolkit`` metapackage for improved dependency resolution and version constraints.
* Automatic CUDA library path detection based on ``CUDA_HOME``, eliminating the need to manually set ``LIBRARY_PATH`` environment variables for installation.

Dependency Changes
------------------

* The ``[all]`` optional dependencies now use ``cuda-toolkit`` with appropriate extras instead of individual packages:

  * Combined multiple CUDA toolkit components: ``cuda-toolkit[nvcc,nvrtc,nvjitlink,nvvm]==13.*``
  * ``nvidia-cufile; sys_platform == 'linux'`` → ``cuda-toolkit[cufile]==13.*; sys_platform == 'linux'``

> 

Reviewer: Remove the sublist

> * User-facing installation commands remain identical (``pip install cuda-python[all]``).

Reviewer: Remove this

Benefits
--------

* **Consistent dependency resolution**: More predictable version constraints through the ``cuda-toolkit`` metapackage
* **Simplified maintenance**: Single metapackage instead of managing multiple individual wheel versions
* **Cleaner dependency specifications**: Multiple related components combined into single dependency lines

> * **Version safety**: Maintains support for CUDA 11.8, 12.x, and 13.x as designed

Reviewer: This is "too ChatGPT-ish", let's remove
